W-13274822 sap multiple gateways example (#2320)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: sap/5.5/modules/ROOT/pages/sap-connector-reference.adoc

[[MessageServer]]
=== Message Server

> A message server can be configured with multiple gateways and can be passed to the *Document Listener* source to distribute the load and improve performance. For more information, refer to xref:sap-connector-examples.adoc#configure-multiple-gateways[Configure Multiple Gateways].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure a message server with multiple gateways that can be passed to the *Document Listener* source to distribute the load and improve performance. For more information, refer to xref:sap-connector-examples.adoc#configure-multiple-gateways[Configure Multiple Gateways].
```
